class-11/README.md, before:

# Audio/Video, Practical Info, and Getting the Vote Tracker Started

## Overview

This class will be the start of a new project. You will also be learning a new CSS layout with flexbox.

## Class Outline

- Code review of previous class lab assignment
- Code demo
  - CSS Grid
  - Array methods
- New project introduction and problem domain breakdown
- Lab preview and prep

## Learning Objectives

### Students will be able to

#### Describe and Define

- Audio and Video implementations in semantic HTML.
- User stories in a development environment.

#### Execute

- Use principles of Object-Oriented Programming to manage dynamic data.
- Display of randomly selected images in a web document, and track clicks on those images.
- Retrieve data from an array of image objects and display that data as a list in the DOM.

## Notes

1. What is Object-Oriented Programming?

1. To use CSS Grid, the parent element (container) must have the `display` property set to what value?

1. The Array method of `_______` adds one or more elements to the end of an array.

1. The Array method of `_______` removes the **last** element from an array.

1. The Array method of `_______` removes the **first** element from an array.

1. The Array method of `_______` adds one or more elements to the beginning of an array.

1. The Array method of `_______` changes the contents of an array by removing or replacing existing elements and/or adding new elements in place.

Commit message:

added repl to README.md

class-11/README.md, after:

# Audio/Video, Practical Info, and Getting the Vote Tracker Started

Repl from 8/15/22 for the .includes() code challenge: [link](https://replit.com/@AdamOwada/201n21-review-array-includes-1#index.js)

## Overview

This class will be the start of a new project. You will also be learning a new CSS layout with flexbox.

## Class Outline

- Code review of previous class lab assignment
- Code demo
  - CSS Grid
  - Array methods
- New project introduction and problem domain breakdown
- Lab preview and prep

## Learning Objectives

### Students will be able to

#### Describe and Define

- Audio and Video implementations in semantic HTML.
- User stories in a development environment.

#### Execute

- Use principles of Object-Oriented Programming to manage dynamic data.
- Display of randomly selected images in a web document, and track clicks on those images.
- Retrieve data from an array of image objects and display that data as a list in the DOM.

## Notes

1. What is Object-Oriented Programming?

1. To use CSS Grid, the parent element (container) must have the `display` property set to what value?

1. The Array method of `_______` adds one or more elements to the end of an array.

1. The Array method of `_______` removes the **last** element from an array.

1. The Array method of `_______` removes the **first** element from an array.

1. The Array method of `_______` adds one or more elements to the beginning of an array.

1. The Array method of `_______` changes the contents of an array by removing or replacing existing elements and/or adding new elements in place.
